docs/index.md, before:

---
id: index        
slug: /         
title: Welcome
---
# Deploy App Docs

### **Deploy App:** *Enroll your team & handle their access, all from one place.*
  
Products available with Deploy App:
- **TAK**: *Situational awareness app from U.S. DoD.*
- **Battlelog**: *Write up & manage what happens in your Area of Operations.* 

Deploy App makes you capable to start a decentralized military-grade server for your unit, enroll your team in there and make them benefit from your apps quickly. It provides a certificate-based identity to each team members' device, handling everything under the hood automatically so that your team Just Can:tm: access various apps built to work with Deploy App.

Once your team is enrolled, you can manage their access nicely. Promote admins that can add & manage your team. Revoke users on need. Once we're done implementing group management, you can determine specific things to be shared with specific people - same groups across each app you use, all managed from single view. On top of this, Deploy App aims to be a platform to especially military users, into which you can integrate your product.


## What is Deploy App?
<div className="reveal-wrapper" style={{ height: '600px', overflow: 'hidden' }}>
  <iframe 
    src="/slides/index/index.html" 
    title="Deploy App Slides" 
    allow="fullscreen; autoplay; clipboard-write"
    width="100%"
    height="100%"
    style={{ border: 0 }}
    allowFullScreen
  />
</div>

## Why Deploy App?
(Insert image here)




## How? In these docs...
From Deploy App to all apps presently integrated to Deploy App, we're covering everything you need here. Navigate to app-specific docs from below:
- [Deploy App: How to enroll & manage users](../deployapp/home)
- [TAK: How to use the US DoD TAK app with Deploy App](../tak/home)
- [Battlelog: Build a picture on what's happening](../bl/home)

If you happen to be a developer, you'll enjoy [the developer documentation.](../dev/home)

Commit message:

fix: launch release please with just a little edit

docs/index.md, after:

---
id: index        
slug: /         
title: Welcome
---
# Deploy App Docs

### **Deploy App:** *Enroll your team & handle their access, all from one place.*
  
Products available with Deploy App:
- **TAK**: *Situational awareness app from U.S. DoD.*
- **Battlelog**: *Write up & manage what happens in your Area of Operations.* 

Deploy App makes you capable to start a decentralized military-grade server for your unit, enroll your team in there and make them benefit from your apps quickly. It provides a certificate-based identity to each team members' device, handling everything under the hood automatically so that your team Just Can:tm: access various apps built to work with Deploy App.

Once your team is enrolled, you can manage their access nicely. Promote admins that can add & manage your team. Revoke users on need. Once we're done implementing group management, you can determine specific things to be shared with specific people - same groups across each app you use, all managed from single view.


## What is Deploy App?
<div className="reveal-wrapper" style={{ height: '600px', overflow: 'hidden' }}>
  <iframe 
    src="/slides/index/index.html" 
    title="Deploy App Slides" 
    allow="fullscreen; autoplay; clipboard-write"
    width="100%"
    height="100%"
    style={{ border: 0 }}
    allowFullScreen
  />
</div>

## Why Deploy App?
(Insert image here)

### For Developers
Deploy App aims to be a platform to deliver services to especially military & other security-critical, closely teamworking users. Just build your app use our deployment and identity provider, and get using it.


## How? In these docs...
From Deploy App to all apps presently integrated to Deploy App, we're covering everything you need here. Navigate to app-specific docs from below:
- [Deploy App: How to enroll & manage users](../deployapp/home)
- [TAK: How to use the US DoD TAK app with Deploy App](../tak/home)
- [Battlelog: Build a picture on what's happening](../bl/home)

If you happen to be a developer, you'll enjoy [the developer documentation.](../dev/home)
